Last time on Sonic X,
Chris had a strange dream,
and was shocked when
a familiar figure
emerged from the
shadows of his past.
On Dr. Eggman's ship,
Rouge made a grab for
the Chaos Emerald,
but got caught red-handed.
To her surprise,
she learned that Dr. Eggman
had an even more valuable
treasure locked away in a capsule.
Meanwhile, the Blue Typhoon
landed on a barren and
mysterious planet.
As Sonic and his friends
explore the ancient ruins
of a long, lost alien race,
they were ambushed by the Metarex!
To our heroes horror,
their trip quickly turned into a
nightmarish battle for survival.
Not even the firepower
of the Blue Typhoon
could overcome this fantastic foe.
But just when all appeared lost,
Sonic and company got
a blast from the past,
as Shadow the Hedgehog
suddenly came to the rescue.
Before they could
thank him, however,
he snatched up their Chaos
Emeralds and vanished.
Now the crew of the Blue Typhoon
are struggling to understand their
shocking encounter with Shadow.
Where will Shadow show up next?
Has he returned to fight
beside Sonic, or against him?
Find out next on Sonic X!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
The Metarex are attacking!
We must do whatever it
takes to protect the base!
Aah!
It's Scarship!
Do not retreat!
Keep firing!
[Lasers firing]
[Explosions]
Attention all ships.
Fire laser cannons now.
[Lasers blasting]
[Explosions]
All ships retreat!
Gahhh!!!
Only a coward would
flee from combat.
This is Dark Oak calling Scarship.
Scarship here.
You have a new mission.
Sonic the Hedgehog and Dr. Eggman
are throwing our
plans into disarray.
Find them and destroy them.
Acknowledged.
So, one ship escaped.
But not for long.
[Screaming]
Aah!
Cosmo, are you okay?
Sorry, Cream.
I was dreaming.
Was it about Shadow?
It was.
Sonic and the others have
been thinking about him
ever since he reappeared.
Why is Shadow the Hedgehog
so important to you, anyway?
Well...
They met him when we
were on Chris' planet.
You see, when Dr. Eggman found out
that his grandfather had
created the Ultimate Creature,
he broke into a government lab
and woke Shadow from
suspended animation.
Shadow worked with Dr. Eggman
to threaten Chris' planet,
and he fought Sonic.
But later, Shadow
joined up with Sonic
and sacrificed himself
to save everybody.
We all thought he was lost forever.
But we just saw him.
So he must have survived.
Yes.
It's not possible.
There's no way Shadow could've
made it through that battle.
I thought I was imagining
it, at first,
but we all saw Shadow.
How did he survive?
He didn't say anything.
Why was he acting so mysterious?
There was always something
weird about him.
How do we know it wasn't a trick?
Maybe Eggman's trying to fool us.
Why are we wasting the day
asking ourselves questions
that we can't possibly answer?
Next time he turns up,
we'll just ask him what's goin' on.
ALL: Hmm.
What'd I say?
Is that Shadow?
I don't understand how those
strangers knew my name.
They acted like they'd
met me somewhere before.
But when? And where?
When is easy.
It was back when you were
in that other world.
As for where,
it was on Space Colony ARK.
You sure have a terrible memory.
It might be better for Shadow
if his past stays forgotten.
Huh?
What's that supposed to mean?
N-nothing.
You're hiding something.
Are you suggesting that I
would try to deceive you?
Why, I've never been so
insulted in my entire life!
Hmm.
Then, I won't tell you anything.
Dr. Eggman needs to go
back to Bad Guy School
to brush up on his
lying techniques.
[Beeping]
Huh?
Warp complete.
Primary target identified.
Launching attack now.
[All yelling]
Who's that attacking us?
It's a ship I've never seen before!
It came out of nowhere!
Guh! A Metarex!
Shields up!
Its laser cannons are too powerful!
Our shields will not
hold up for long.
Grr!
Go get it, Shadow!
Destroy that ship, and I'll
tell you all about your past!
They're launching a counterattack.
How pitiful.
[Grunting]
Not bad.
But it is useless.
Ya think so?
You cannot harm me.
Aah!
Well done, Shadow!
What kind of attack is that?
I have no clue.
Oh!
Allow me to demonstrate.
[Clanging]
As you can see,
a series of rapid strikes
on the ship's hull
will create an intense vibration,
which will shake the ship
apart from the inside.
[Yelling]
Aaaaah!
[Metarex laughs evilly]
Ah!
Shadow can't fight anymore,
because he used up all his power!
He needs a jumpstart.
I'm going to have
to bring him back.
Your silly games are over.
Now what're we gonna do?!
Fire lasers now!
Oh, no!
Our lasers are destroyed!
Aaaah!
Launch all missiles immediately!
Target that Metarex!
Time to ship out!
Bye!
[Yelling]
Hurry up and get us out of here!
I am trying!
The engines have overheated,
and are not working!
A missile's coming!
Our shield can't stop it!
Aaah!
Aah!
Now I will exterminate
the hedgehog.
What? A Metarex attacked Eggman?
He didn't stand a chance.
Take a look.
[Gasp]
What's wrong?
I know that ship.
That Metarex attacked
me and my clan.
[Crying]
Cosmo, we'll stop that Metarex!
Fat chance.
That thing was too powerful
for even Shadow to defeat.
Whoa. It must be strong.
I think we'd better retreat.
Are you kidding?
We can't let it win.
I just want to pull
back temporarily.
I don't think we should
take that thing on
'til we have a chance
to analyze it,
and come up with a
plan to blow it away.
I agree.
We have to think
this thing through.
That'll be a first!
I'm only trying to use my head.
Then we might as well give up now.
She's right.
Aargh!
Shadow...
Don't worry about
him. He's a survivor.
Am I right?
Mm.
Shadow made it through the
battle on Space Colony ARK.
He must be okay.
Let's get going while
we have the chance!
I say we stay!
We'd better decide now.
There's something big
heading this way.
It's coming out of warp space.
I swore I'd destroy it. But...
I can't risk their lives.
Tails! Get us out of here, now!
Huh?
But Cosmo, you're the last one
here who should want to retreat.
That Metarex is responsible
for wiping out everybody
you cared about!
Now's your chance to
make that ship pay
for the pain and
misery it caused you!
I can't.
I want to fight that
thing alone, Amy.
I'm willing to risk my
life to battle Metarex,
but not yours.
Sooner or later, we'll
have to face it.
And there's no time
like the present!
[Gasp]
All right, then!
I still think it's a long
shot, but I'm willing to try!
Let's do it!
Mm!
I'm glad you see it my way!
We can win!
Chao!
[Gasp]
This means so much to me.
Thank you all!
[Chuckling]
This battle is already over.
Raise all shields!
Right!
They're only delaying
their destruction.
There's no turning back now.
Ready?
Okay, let's go!
Just give me the word!
Are you ready to go, Chris?
All set.
Let's go for it!
What are they up to?
Expand the shield!
Change to cloaking mode!
So, they think they can hide.
But these seeker missiles
will find their target.
I'll unleash my entire
arsenal against them.
That debris is meant to convince me
I've destroyed their ship,
but I haven't... yet!
ALL: Aah!
I will destroy that ship.
I'll keep firing missiles
until it's obliterated.
Hmm.
All clear.
That Metarex saw through our trick,
but it didn't realize
it was a double-trick.
Let's go junk that Metarex!
Enough of these games!
I'll fire all my missiles at once,
and wipe them out
with one big bang.
Huh?
Why can't I fire?
This Metarex is in a real jam now!
I can blast right through it!
Let's get outta here!
Huh!
[Explosions]
It's a really bad idea
to fire your weapons when your
missile tubes are clogged up.
Now that you can't fight anymore,
your only choice is to surrender!
Never!
Aah!
It's gonna crash into
the Blue Typhoon!
Tails better move it!
Engines up!
We don't have enough power
to get away in time.
Routing all power to the engines.
Oh, no!
They won't get away fast enough!
The one way to get enough power
is to use the Master
Emerald at full force,
but only I can do that.
Look out!
It's no use!
We're gonna crash!
It's all over!
ALL: [Screaming]
[Metarex roaring]
Aah!
[All gasping]
It's Shadow!
[Grunting]
[Metarex roaring]
You should never
underestimate that guy.
But why wasn't Shadow
destroyed with Dr. Eggman?
DR. EGGMAN: [Chuckling]
I'm like a bad rash. You
can't get rid of me!
Metarex missed me!
As usual, I used my brains,
and showed that missile the door!
It's lucky for you, you don't have
to fit your head through there!
Even more brilliant was the way
Dr. Eggman faked an explosion
by using a smokescreen.
While the smoke was hiding us,
we warped to a safe
part of the galaxy.
Hey, Sonic was just here.
Where did he go?
Huh?
Something tells me we're
thinkin' the same thing.
If we destroy the engine room,
this Metarex will be out
of commission for good.
I didn't ask for your
help, so stay out of this.
I see you haven't lost
any of your charm.
You certainly are
persistent, stranger.
What do you mean, "stranger"?
Don't you recognize me, Shadow?
[Metarex growling]
They did it!
If you agree to surrender now,
we'll try to help you
put out those fires.
I'll never surrender.
Or give up my mission.
Ah!
Ah.
What's your mission, anyway?
To destroy Sonic and Dr. Eggman,
no matter what it takes.
What's it doing?
That Metarex is trying to blow
us all away by self-destructing.
Let's go, Doctor!
It's too late to get away!
Aah!
What do we do?
We need to buy some more time!
[Yelling]
What'd ya do?
I stopped time from
advancing around the ship.
We have 90 seconds.
All right, now count down with me!
ALL: 88! 87! 86!
If you want to disarm
it, you'd better hurry.
Right!
Come in, Tails!
We'll use the Sonic Power Cannon.
Come to the ship
as fast as you can.
That Metarex's armor is strong.
Yeah, I know, Chris.
But we can use a warp
field to make it weaker.
Right.
ALL: 64! 63! 62!
Warp field driver
is all set, Tails.
Prepare to send out a warp
field to surround the Metarex.
Roger!
ALL: 44! 43! 42!
Route all energy to
the Power Cannon!
CHRIS: We have full power!
TAILS: Load cannon!
CHRIS: Sonic, get set for launch!
Ready!
Fire the cannon at my command!
Targeting Metarex!
Sonic Power Cannon, fire!
EGGMAN'S CREW: 5! 4! 3! 2! 1!
Zero!
[Metarex shouting]
Aaaaaaaaaah!
That ship was one of my
most powerful Metarex.
How did they defeat it?
Thanks for saving us, Sonic!
You'll regret it!
[Evil chuckling]
Ah!
I finally got even with the
Metarex who wiped out my clan.
I wish I could be at peace now,
but there are more
Metarex out there,
and more planets in danger.
I have to keep fighting until
the galaxy is safe again.